all right so this is a topic I've been
looking to cover for a while now there
are so many air pod type headphones that
are available on the market I did a
video on a product called black pods but
the a was flipped I didn't think much of
it I didn't realize how big the
landscape of these kind of air pod
looking headphones really was its
extensive and of course I have a bunch
of new ones that popped up in the air
pods Pro format this one is called air
buds Pro the same company that did the
black pods that I featured and they've
got their very own black version of what
the air pods Pro look like these are the
original black pods which by the way you
have no idea really what you're buying
when you buy any of these a number of
people that based on that original video
went out and tried to buy these ones and
then ended up thinking they had received
a different product and the one that I
even showcased in a video on top of that
there's people who paid money to certain
websites and didn't get products back so
just as you are watching this realized
right now that this landscape is vast
and bizarre you don't really know what's
what and what you're gonna get for your
money so keep that in mind for the
record like this one is called Nikes
look at that these are a bit different
I've got them on the table because they
just showed up as well they're called
air golds first things first if you
ordered some of these in the past on the
base on the original video you have some
kind of problem with it I just want to
speak directly to this company black
please try to make it right by these
people just refund their money if they
didn't if they can't receive the package
I don't know do something and I have no
affiliation with this company at all
nonetheless we're gonna go over some of
the newer options here before we get
into it I got to give a quick shout out
we have an official unbox therapy
unboxing knife you've probably seen this
on the channel you can actually buy it
right now it is a collaboration unbox
therapy and stat gear it's the pocket
samurai it's a pocket knife with the
unbox therapy inscription on it it's
available on their website it's also
available on Amazon but like I said it's
limited quantities they have been doing
this particular pocket knife for a while
and then just sort of upgraded it for
the
box therapy version unbox your products
like a professional first things first
less poppy inted bees what are called
the air buds Pro really has the buds air
this company has the air buds we still
got the dog Air Bud mm-hmm so you got to
keep it all together now they include
the paperwork it's very Apple ask it's
almost like you bought the official
thing here the packaging is very well
it's Apple esque I think it's identical
to be honest and this is what the cable
looked like type-c connector so oh man
maybe the lid is a little more loose you
want to compare it oh yeah do you have
the yeah
where are the air pods Pro oh yeah this
is the air pods Pro who can even keep it
look at the box okay that's the air pods
Pro so there they are those two next to
each other wait wait is very similar the
product from Apple it has a smoother
open/close on the lid the lid has a
little bit of give like like this back
and forth the Apple one is a bit tighter
the black grille looks more like a mesh
sticker on the air buds Pro and also on
the bottom it looks quite a bit
different now if we compare that to the
product the black pods product these two
must be oh no they're no this is a matte
finish on this product compared to
glossy on the earlier one so the paint
but the hinge is the same and the grill
unit is a bit different on this one the
whole thing is not a grill these ones
are similar but they're also a little
different and then the last pair of the
pro models is these ones called na keys
now the box here looks identical to the
box from the first pair the air buds Pro
that one looks almost exactly like the
first one oh no the hinge is a bit
different on the container it's kind of
wild there's all these little variations
and varieties than na keys probably have
the best grill component it's them it's
buried in there the smoothest my
goodness would you look at that now also
it's important to note the black pods
situation there
original inspiration was to create an
air pod-like device that was black
because apple didn't do it they did not
make black available so of course when
it comes to the pro model they're gonna
have to have the black version as well
and this one is the matte black style
exactly the same except for the fact
that is matte black the black pods
models are using a traditional USB
connector to lightning and the earlier
ones that I unbox the earbuds Pro and
the na keys are using lightning to USB
type-c okay so that's another thing
worth mentioning all right so the last
one to add to the mix before we listen
to a couple of these is the air goals
which to me it's obviously the most
unique of the bunch it's gonna be
painted in gold by the looks of it it
effectively gives you a painted gold air
pod if you if you really have to show
that off I don't know maybe you want to
be different but I'm really curious
about is the new pro models of this
variety of products that exists that
aren't made by Apple so let's go ahead
and test a few of these all right so I
have an iPhone 11 Pro max over here I
also have a wireless charger here in
order to check which one's Wireless
charge so here are the black pods also
in orange light which is tougher to see
so those ones are charging wirelessly
the white black pods same thing orange
light comes on these are the na keys a
super dim orange light comes on so
they're charging and the air buds Pro
yes whoo and it's also got a really dim
tiny little orange light that comes on
so they all appear to support wireless
charging I want to be clear as well at
this moment before I listen to these
things I am NOT promoting or endorsing
these products purchase at your own risk
obviously the dream of getting an air
pod like device for a hundred bucks ear
pods probe device for 100 bucks that's
obviously an appealing concept so do
your own due diligence let's kick it off
with the black pods themselves oh okay
look at that it's setting up essentially
the same way that the Apple branded
earpods would one of the cool features
of the official air pods Pro is that
they have these microphones on the
exterior of the device
I don't think of getting any of that
functionality here you're getting a
product very similar to their previous
product that they did but in a new
format with an in-ear style let's see if
I have audio coming through I'm getting
play/pause functionality on the button
if I tap it it gives me an audio whew a
tick tick like I'm switching modes but I
don't hear a discernible difference I
mean as headphones they they sound
alright though that's the problem
see that's the problem with this it's
people what they really want to know is
can I have fully wireless headphones
earbuds that are convenient to pair with
my iPhone presumably am I gonna hear
what I'm listening to and you are and
they don't sound as good as the real
deal but it's a fraction of the cost and
people are cost sensitive so it's easy
to understand or maybe they want black
ones and it's not even an option
directly from Apple you could of course
go out and get them painted this is a
color web product these are the official
air pods - painted black but that'll
cost you even more yeah they sound okay
yeah I think you gotta adjust your
expectations obviously to go with the
price so next why don't we do this is
the air buds Pro the first product that
I unbox let's see what happens
oh okay same thing now I have to say man
this just it looks like a sticker that
you peel off yeah it's definitely a
sticker Jack you see that there's no
microphone there alright this starts
playing right away oh okay there it
responded these sound way worse or way
worse I think a lot of people say that's
unacceptable actually that product last
up here we go these are called the na
keys and interestingly enough these ones
have some details on the inside of the
lid I don't know if Jack can see that
there's text up in there a serial number
and a model number Wow so those
connected real smooth
these are the official ones Oh
oh my god I was gonna say what's going
on right now I hear my surroundings and
mics are on they sound good I'm like
what's happening I had that these two
screwed up man holy man I gotta say
right now though just as a little side
note since we're doing this the mics are
turned on in the outside I feel so comfy
right now on pause just talking to you
that everything the whole thing when I
put this on it all felt super quality
and I was like wait a second yeah all
right so on to the last one this is the
NA keys
it's like $95 you say five dollars off
the black pods it's the only one where
the grill on the side is not an obvious
sticker I still doubt that it's an
actual microphone or speaker unit in
there or anything like that but you can
see I flip it open right away oh look at
this hold button okay and it's telling
me to pinch it to go between modes but
there's no way that's built into this
come on
anyway let's listen to these all right
these ones sound pretty good
not ease KP pro I need to do a quick one
to knock ease versus official-official
time oh man this is this is complicated
switching back it's uh they sound better
hold on hold on hold on hold on the base
is actually accentuated on the na keys
it doesn't sound better that obviously
the original air pod sound better but so
obviously you're not getting any of the
cool features with the pass-through and
a microphone no matter which one you go
for that's just something you give up if
you don't want to spend the 250 it
doesn't really matter anything had to be
apple headphones if you want that
feature it's gonna cost you some money
regardless of which you select but when
it comes to sound probably for me the
best sounding ones are the last pair
that I wore there's a lot of volume
there's some low-end in there it doesn't
sound as full across the entire range as
what the official air pods Pro do but
look man if you want to take a chance do
I think you should do it is complicated
because these are super convenient the
entire package the way this thing is put
together that's what makes the air pod
so successful to begin with I guess I
kind of hate the fact that you're not
getting the feature that I like so much
in the actual air pods which is the mic
pass through which you can toggle on or
off and the effective noise cancelling
so I would pay the extra money but if
you're super cost sensitive I would say
probably just skip the pro model all
together and get the cheapo version of
the regular air pods because those go as
low as 50 bucks and you're obviously not
in it for the ultimate sound quality
that said if you if you're dead set on
having $100 a pair of ear pods Pro
equivalent probably go with the knock
ease model out of the bunch that I
tested here that's pretty much all I can
say shop at your own risk that's that